hello it's Ruby and today I have a very
exciting video I am going to be showing
you a Hermione Granger themed homework
routine and this was quite highly
requested number one find a suitable
work space so Hermione uses an old chair
and then an array of tables so that she
has a very large workspace so if
possible you should try and replicate
this but if not a desk works just as
well
number two use your planner to write
down all of the homework tasks that you
have to complete that night preferably
you should be doing this throughout the
day so as soon as your teacher gives you
a piece just write it down in your
planner number three compose a priority
chart so homework that is doing for the
next day is obviously very high priority
and just none of the tasks so number one
for most important number eight the
least important number four take out all
of the parchment stationery tax books
that you will be using for your homework
that evening
fifth thing you should do is lay out all
of your books in the order of the
priority chart that you earlier composed
so your first task could go here your
second here your third here and so on
you will be working around the table so
you start here and then you gradually
work all the way around and this is a
method that minor uses in her third year
also if using this method don't put away
your work when you finish with it so
once you've completed task one leave it
there and then go into the next one it's
kind of a measure how productive your
being and it can make you feel more
positive about the homework tasks
however if you are using a different
method if you're not walking around the
table then do put it away because
otherwise your workspace will get too
cluttered my sixth tip is as soon as you
finished with all your written tasks you
should put all of the work away so that
you have a clear space for any reading
tasks it is important when putting away
all of your work you spend around ten
minutes
making sure that everything is in the
right place there's no point to shoving
it into your bag because you're not
going to be able to find it later I
suggest using a homework folder for
everything that you will be handing in
and maybe even putting a little sticky
note to the top saying when it's due and
put all of your worksheets that you were
using to complete the task and the books
away in their proper place the seventh
thing you should do is go over your
planner after you've completed all of
your reading work and just take off
everything and make sure that you've
done everything maybe write down how you
found each task just so you have that
for later reference so that is
Hermione's general homework routine but
now I just have a few general tips about
how Hermione would complete her homework
so my first tip is to do all of your
homework the night that it is that
Hermione does this every year she would
rather stay up til 3:00 in the morning
than leave a piece unfinished however
with that said make sure that you are
not too tired
there's no point staying up late to do I
want because you're not going to do it
to a very good standard but if you are
in the right mindset and you are still
being productive then definitely
continue with your work then I just have
a second tip which is you should try and
work after dinner as well as in between
lessons
I don't think Hermione really works for
dinner I suppose that she probably does
she's usually talking with Harry and Ron
at this time so maybe try and make this
a social time so that you can relax a
bit after school maybe read during this
period just make it a bit of free time
so that you are well rested and your
mind is ready to put its full capacity
into completing the homework so thank
you so much for watching I hope that you
found this video helpful and that you
enjoyed and um so this is part of my
Granger BTS series
you weren't already aware so you can
definitely use this tag on Instagram if
you want me to see any photos as well as
tag Granger lifestyle thank you again
and have a productive week